Never Expected such as poor Quality from Xiaomi
Home Button do not work
Bad Manufacturer
Too Much Heating and Not as speed as 3GB
Mic is not working, getting troubled again n again. Speaking but other side not getting voice. Formatted twice.
Minimum voice control is so high, nearby person would be listening all talks or voice coming from other side.
Heating issue, not able to continuously speak for more then 2 - 3 minutes.
i was expecting a lot from this phone but i was disappointed.
Worst phone i hv ever used
dont buy..total waste of your excitement and money..a mental harrashment
Network signal poor.
Wifi Issue.
Display is not satisfactory as more then 425 ppi.
Software is too lagy.
Compatibility issue with other device.
WOW !!!
Bought this phone, because of its good community support.
Amazing and powerful
Awesome phone in within 20k
Working as efffectively and smoothly as the hype of the phone. Very good gaming experience
screen quality is very good.
can play heavy games without any issues.
no heating problem. (all phones heat up while charging..more so when it supports fast charging)
supports fast charging.
excellent built quality and premium looks. 
great battery life. (there was a bit of stand by drainage prob for me..but after installing battery doctor and disabling auto sinc and turning off all the unnecessary sensors i was getting great battery life....and SOT about 5hrs )
frequent updates.
minimalistic but customizable miui (fluid and has lots of tricks and tweaks that i like)
the phone is pretty power full thanks to 2.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 MSM8274AC Quad Core Processor and 3 gb of ram.
rear camera can take amazing photos in daylight. the front facing camera is wide angle and performs great. video recording upto 4k...even slow motion and fast motion video recording are possible (the filters and other modes are great)
call clarity is just awesome.
picture comes out be grainy in low light condition. (go to manual mode n lower the iso)
flash gives a yellowish tint to the picture. (dont use the flash)
the buttons are backlit..and it also has led notification but the light is not that bright.
no 4G (not a problem for most of us)
single sim (go for moto g3 if u really need that extra sim)
no micro sd card (go for the 64gb variant if u are sort a power user)
speaker output is good but not loud 
back cover is slippery