 purchased Bolt S301 of Micromax.I made big mistake.From purchase date wi fi of the mobile was not working .I gave complaint to Service station of Micromax ,Pimpri,Pune-18.Service station technicians where unable to repair the same,so they collected my mobile and send to factory of Micromax.
 After 15 days service station Pimpri Pune called me ask me to collect the mobile.After receiving mobile I found wi fi connection problem was not solved.Again I complaint to technician of the service station,again they wanted to send mobile to Company factory !
 Received today. Wifi is not working. I have tried connecting to many wifi networks and it's not connecting. Is there any other setting i need to do? Based on reviews so far, i think this is a major issue with phone. Will return it.
 Received today. Wifi is not working. I have tried connecting to many wifi networks and it's not connecting. Is there any other setting i need to do? Based on reviews so far, i think this is a major issue with phone. Will return it.
The service as well as the product has been highly disappointing, we weren't given any accessory with the mobile, not even a charger and when called for the return of the product we weren't entertained. the product itself isn't a good buy. The touch is bad and It hardly works. Also The app of snapdeal was installed whereas it should have been of Amazon. I wonder from where you all have sent the mobile.
Micromax S301 wi-fi systom is not working and mobile is sent to factory for repair by micromax service center which will take one month for repairing as per service center.
 purchased Bolt S301 of Micromax.I made big mistake.From purchase date wi fi of the mobile was not working .I gave complaint to Service station of Micromax ,Pimpri,Pune-18.Service station technicians where unable to repair the same,so they collected my mobile and send to factory of Micromax.
After 15 days service station Pimpri Pune called me ask me to collect the mobile.After receiving mobile I found wi fi connection problem was not solved.Again I complaint to technician of the service station,again they wanted to send mobile to Company factory !
The product is not working properly. WIFI is not working. Vertical line on screen. Request a refund. adding photo for your reference.
It's a very bad mobile phone. Functionality is very bad
Working fine since last week. Its light weighted. Packing wasnt good. it was packed in a pouch rather than any box (shocking). thank god they delivered it in one piece only.
As this is very low budget phone, no one expect much higher performance. But this phone fails to provide basic functionality, you can not hear clearly what other speak, as well the person whoever you call. If you connect via WiFi it open page like you are using 2G internet.Main annoying thing is it shows notifications of adds, and you can not stop it. There is no any way to stop unwanted add, it is inbuilt in software upgrade. The phone get hang if you open more than 6 apps. I suggest spend some more rupees and buy a good mobile.
it was very upset to express my opnion on micro max.
It has been three months we purchased this mobile through online and now we are facing both charging and battery problem.
Every time the battery was discharging without prior notice and mobile was getting switched off .
This created us a confusion on amazon products.
We are not satisfied and going further we will not order any thing from amzon
Very good product. Many people said that it does not connect to wifi but for me, my phone is connected to wifi 24 hours a day and the signal strength is also very good. It would have been better if we got a charger with it. And one more drawback of this phone is that it does not support many softwares even when it runs on kitkat.
The battery was getting hot so i made the mistake to return & in place bought Intex star to have whatsapp as promised by seller & fulfilled by amezon bit no wi fi in it.
I was planning to buy just a basic mobile phone for daily use. Ever basic mobile costs 1000-1500 (min). Then if we get something more in just 1899rs then it is always better to buy a better one. Yes wifi is not working but that is not a big issue for me. Single core processor so u can't expect too much from it. Everything is written clear in the description. It is just a best buy for me at this price. We can't expect too much at this price and what they are giving at this price is just awesome. A really good product. Only charger should be there otherwise 5 star.
I just got the package, No charger,No Headphone & surprisingly no USB cable. Further the wifi hotspot of this device is not working. too bad, replacing it.
got the new piece. No issues so far. for 1899 its great.
this time the package contains the usb cable also!!
About the delivery of amazon. Its just awsome. got in 3rd day
I received the product on time but screen was faulty. You can see the image below. For product it was bad experience
Today i have recieved micromax bolt phone.
It is is not as per displayed specs by amazon.
Wifi not works, internal memory only 1 gb instead of 4 gb.
I am going to return it asap.
