A good phone in the range of 18K. Good performance with an awesome rich look. Battery stays for more than a day. Camera quality is just amazing.they have not provided USB cable so you have to buy it from outside.Overall about the phone is Its a very good phone. 
All good...but while using internet, it gets too hot.
allover experiance is very good...good look nice touch..big screen...memory...
Once battery is dead it's hard to on. I had to return first time. Really a bad experience. May be it was exceptional with me.
I bought moto x play recently ,some time there is no sound during the calls.It is annoying.I didnt test much.First day itself I got no sound issue.
THE PRODUCT IS GOOD
BUT AFTER 30 DAYS, I AM FACING TOUCh SCREEN ISSUE..AND NOW I HAVE TO FIND SERVICE CENTRE..
Its a great device to buy under 18k. It gives you a premium feel. Only problem that I found was that the device gets a little hot, when you stress your device or connect to the supplied turbocharger, mainly due to its SOC.
It's just fantastic awesome nice to be a owner of moto x play thank-you moto
No File Explorer : Can you imagine a phone without a file explorer. Motorola just has its name to it. It's all Android otherwise. Motorola has not spent a penny to give basic features.
Auto dialling speakers are not good,people on other side not able to understand what you speak until you speak very loud.only good thing is the turbo charging
Many times noticed that head phone won't work. In order to work, i need to reboot phone.Some times, i won't get ring tone even my settings are proper
Weight of the phone and screen size are an issue during single hand use
Baterry despite being large lasts a little over 1 day with normal use
Good value for money smart phone with excellent battery life. Has good features and the camera both front and back is good. On time delivery done by Flipkart.
I am really happy with the product... And the best part is delivery time, it is so less.
Awesome phone, awesome performance. Thank you flipkart... :)
Camera quality seems to be not soo good when it's not a bright day plus on zooming and taking a photo degrades quality. This is the only disadvantage here whereas in daylight camera quality is really awesome. There is no other disadvantage at all in this product worth buying it.
This is the right for this generation, and has a very good Shell, when the phone walls down or even wall in water.
Last one week I used moto x play .Stunning performance for camera's.Back side rubberised grip very nice.battery backup is very good.no heating issues this phone .Go!!!!!moto x play best for ever..







